OK so to create the functionality to like the pools we need a but another boat and now we're going to
make this a little bit more dynamic later on.
But right now I'm just going to create another bond here just for the time being so we can build this
feature because this other feature right here is going to take a little bit more time creating a dynamic
link that's going to change the class depending if it was liked or not.
We're going to create some help or functions and that's going to help us with that.
All right.
Now I want to create a own like button.
OK.
So let's call this on like
and let's just name it on like right here.
Like OK and let's just put a thumbs down it's like that.
A class.
And I'm going to change this class to be the link to be on like OK.
And if we go here and refresh we should see that one like button right there.
OK.
Now the thumbs down looks like it's not working because I misspelled it.
You know how I do it.
There we go.
All right.
So we'll do something very similar to how we did it down here in Dan in the javascript so I'm going
to copy this and I'm going to comment this code right here.
And the like.
And you're going to quit liking in here and you're going to call it own liking.
I'm going to pace out there and when I change this class because we did that in the barn there and we're
going to be sending a request with the same type of information there is nothing here that we need to
change to be honest with you.
Well this here when I make sure that is that we are detecting this only liked poles variable everything
else is the same.
OK.
So let's go back here.
This should be easier now.
OK.
And I'm just going to copy this whole thing like that.
Copy.
I'm going to paste it now with a couple of different things that we need to do here to make things work
OK.
First of all we need to the tech to make sure that we are detecting their own light poles here.
So let's come and all this out.
And at call like like like this the first thing OK and let's refresh Let's open our console developer
tools and let's make sure that when we click on like that we are getting something OK.
So I remember that network make sure that we have that
here to this like let's click it and if we click this we can see that it says on light so we are actually
detecting but in their functionality.
So that's working.
That's a first step.
So now let's write down our steps that we.
So that was the first step was to test and I should have rolled up before.
OK.
First step to test here.
So a couple of things that we need we need this IDs OK.
We need those.
Now the next step to do here would be we need to Querrey.
So let's come in this hour here instead of that which is going to make sure that this is step number
two would be to Querrey fetch our likes.
OK.
So fetching the likes it's a matter of fact let me see we have that
as a matter of fact.
No we need to do the same thing.
Let me just come back here and we need to fetch our pulse.
So we were there we were there and we were doing.
I knew it was very similar to that.
It's just that we have the wrong numbers here.
Because the first step was to actually test but that's OK.
We can we can live without it right.
And ashers take that off just to make things uniform so fetching that pulls says first thing then.
OK.
This is going to change a little bit.
We need a delete functionality because we need to delete the lights every time we own like a post.
OK.
That's the way we're going to detect this.
So we need to delete
likes or decrement the likes.
Right.
Well we need to really likes actually first of all and then we need to.
They are opposed to the comment they're like OK so delete likes justice.
And then here would be something like decrement or update
update
the comment likes
Santa like that.
And I should have put here what we're creating like here all day pulse or incrementing likes
noncredit man doing what he likes maintain.
Right right right.
So let's open up this
here so we are now instead of incrementing here we're just going to decrement.
OK that's all we're doing here we're going to we're going to make a different Querrey here though.
Let's copy this guy here and that space out there.
And we are going to delete
and you know what.
You don't have to always select everything.
So we got to delete likes.
OK.
Where posts whose ID equals a post ID that I won.
As a matter of fact I already had it here.
So we had to delete from likes where posts ID equals a post ID.
OK that's the first thing and maybe we also want to make sure that we delete that we make sure that
a user id OK does the right like that we are going to be deleting right.
So that would be the user ID.
Yeah we have that there something like.
Ok maybe later on we'll refactor this a little bit more or think about it a little more but I wanted
to show you guys this.
I was so excited because you know I left this for you or I put on the backburner and I was like I'm
going to teach that later.
But you guys are making a lot of requests and I just want to start you know making sure that you guys
are happy and OK so once we delete the likes then we update our posts with decrementing like OK.
And that's all we do here.
We don't need this of course but you know it would be nice to
make make make sure that maybe we'll edge it out here just to make sure that our application is working
a little better.
We don't need it BHB will detect it.
So I think we are good to go.
I think this is going to work.
Let's test this out to see if it works.
If it doesn't we'll fix it.
OK so let's go back here and we like this poll.
And this is
like the one time.
So now if I go back to that pose and I click on like cross your fingers and there is fresh and you can
see that we have 1 0 likes and if we go back we have no likes table guys.
Great job.
If you made it work the first time.
OK.
Awesome.
So we are finally liking and own liking posts.
Ok now we're going to have more posts to test this and make sure that we are liking the pipe pools and
with the right user.
But we've got a couple of more steps to finish this off.
Now of course it can get a lot better.
So I'll see you in the next lecture.